conversation="""
Good morning, everyone. Let’s jump in. Alex, do you want to start with your update?
Yeah, sure. So, we completed the integration of the feedback module last night. It's up on staging and ready for QA to take a look.
Thanks, Alex. Has QA been notified?
I sent a Slack message to Priya this morning. Priya, did you get a chance to check?
Yes, I saw it. We’ll begin testing today. If we find anything critical, we’ll tag it for hotfix before the demo.
Great. Maya, any updates on the design front?
Yes, the revised UI for the dashboard is done. I’ve uploaded the Figma link to the shared folder. I'm starting the mobile versions this afternoon.
Perfect. Please make sure the mobile view stays aligned with the design system we finalized last sprint.
Will do.
By the way, I had a call with the client yesterday. James mentioned they want to move the demo up to Thursday instead of Friday.
That’s a bit tight. We’ll need to freeze the build by Tuesday if we’re aiming for that.
Agreed. Priya, will QA be able to wrap up testing by then?
If we get the final API from the backend team today, then yes. Otherwise, we’ll have to prioritize test cases.
Alex, any word from backend?
I followed up with Arjun this morning. He said the payment API documentation will be ready by end of day.
Let’s hold them to that. If there’s no update by noon tomorrow, I’ll escalate.
Sounds good. Also, there’s a dependency on the analytics module for reporting. Ethan, any progress there?
Yes. The tracking events are implemented. What’s pending is finalizing the schema for the export.
Alright, can we aim to close that by EOD tomorrow?
That’s doable.
One more thing—IT flagged a patch for the cloud servers. It’s a minor update but might require us to retest authentication flows.
Thanks for the heads-up. Priya, just add that to the checklist.
Noted.
Okay. Any other concerns before we wrap up?
Nope, I’m good.
All set on my end.
Same here.
Alright then. Let’s target Tuesday EOD for freezing the build. Thanks, everyone. Great work.
Thanks!
Thanks, bye.
"""